README.md, before:

# Pokémon Solus RGB

<p align="center">
<img src="screenshots/solus-red-gbc-title.png">
<img src="screenshots/solus-green-gbc-title.png">
<img src="screenshots/solus-blue-gbc-title.png">
</p>

Pokémon Solus RGB is a near-vanilla "faithful" romhack of Pokémon Red/Blue for Game Boy, with a focus on an enhanced **solo gameplay experience**. It is based on the [disassembly of Pokémon Red and Blue][pokered].

For a detailed look at all the changes in this romhack, read the [Feature Log][featurelog]. For a video overview, watch the [trailer][trailer].

Just want the patch? Go [here][releases].

## Table of Contents
- [Elevator pitch](#elevator-pitch)
- [Versions](#versions)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Links](#links)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Elevator pitch

**Pokémon Solus RGB** is a near-vanilla romhack of Gen 1. It changes _only a few things_ from the original games, without overhauling so much that it ceases to be Gen 1, and the whole thing becomes a [Ship of Theseus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ship_of_Theseus) paradox.

Quick overview of changes:
1. All 151 Pokémon are obtainable through normal means
2. Some new gameplay features have been added
    - HMs can be taught to party Pokémon without using up one of their move slots
    - Four new TMs have been added to support forward-patched learnsets
    - Trades can be performed in-game via the Trader NPC
    - Battle HUD additions: EXP bar and 'already caught' indicator
    - Professor Oak can be battled after beating the Pokémon League
3. Pokémon learnsets have been partially forward-patched via Yellow Version and Gen 2 tradeback learnsets
4. Some visual content is changed (sprites)
5. Some bugs/oversights from vanilla are fixed
    - Ghost-type is now Euper Effective against Psychic-type
    - Focus Energy no longer quarters critical hit chance
    - A couple other things

For a detailed look at all the changes, check out the [Feature Log][featurelog].

## Versions

There are three versions of this romhack: _Solus Red_, _Solus Green_, and _Solus Blue_. The differences between versions are solely cosmetic (palettes, title screen text, etc.), as this project consolidates any of the meaningful version-specific differences that existed across versions, such as Pokémon availability. For a complete list of version differences, check [here][versiondifferences].

[Building from source](#building-all-three-roms-from-source) will yield three ROMs:

- Solus Red (`pokesolusred.gbc`)
- Solus Green (`pokesolusgreen.gbc`)
- Solus Blue (`pokesolusblue.gbc`)

_Note_: Solus Green, if played on Game Boy Color, uses the GBC's built-in mostly-green palette. This is the same one which was used by the Japanese release of Pokémon Green Version.

## Installation

### Patching a vanilla ROM

To patch a vanilla Pokémon Red/Blue Version ROM, download a `.bps` patch file from the [releases page][releases], and then apply it to your ROM using [this online patcher](https://www.marcrobledo.com/RomPatcher.js/) or your patcher of choice.
- For Solus Red / Solus Green, patch a vanilla Red Version ROM
- For Solus Blue, patch a vanilla Blue Version ROM

### Building all three ROMs from source

If you're new to the [`pokered`][pokered] disassembly, learn how to install prerequisites and build the ROMs in the [install guide][installation].

Otherwise, if your environment for building the vanilla ROMs is already set up, the procedure here is the same. Just clone this repository, `cd` into it, and run `make`.

#### Modifying this romhack
If you want to make some tweaks to this romhack before building the ROMs, or if you want to use this romhack as a starting point for your own, read [this document][howtomod] that I've written.

## Screenshots

![battlehud](./screenshots/battle_hud.png)
![traderhouse](./screenshots/trader_house.png)
![trader](./screenshots/trader.png)
![trader2](./screenshots/trader_2.png)
![trader3](./screenshots/trader_3.png)
![fossilroomladder](./screenshots/fossil_room_ladder.png)
![fossilroom](./screenshots/fossil_room.png)
![tmclerk](./screenshots/tm_clerk.png)
![tmclerkpunches](./screenshots/tm_clerk_punches.png)
![tmclerk3](./screenshots/tm_clerk_3.png)
![tm51](./screenshots/tm_flamethrower.png)
![tm52](./screenshots/tm_fire_punch.png)
![tm53](./screenshots/tm_ice_punch.png)
![tm54](./screenshots/tm_thunderpunch.png)
![mewroom](./screenshots/mew_room.png)
![mew](./screenshots/mew.png)
![mew2](./screenshots/mew_2.png)
![mew3](./screenshots/mew_3.png)
![fieldmove](./screenshots/field_move.png)
![fieldmove2](./screenshots/field_move_2.png)
![porygonsalesman](./screenshots/porygon_salesman.png)
![porygonsalesman2](./screenshots/porygon_salesman_2.png)
![porygonsalesman3](./screenshots/porygon_salesman_3.png)
![porygonsalesman6](./screenshots/porygon_salesman_6.png)
![billsfather](./screenshots/bills_father.png)
![billsfather2](./screenshots/bills_father_2.png)
![billsfather3](./screenshots/bills_father_3.png)
![oakbattle](./screenshots/oak_battle.png)

## Links

Solus:
- [Wiki][soluswiki]
- Comprehensive [Feature Log][featurelog] detailing all the romhack's changes
- [Changelog][changelog] (an overview of the changes introduced in each release)
- [Planned features][planned]
- My original (crude) [design document][designdoc]
- [Testimonials][testimonials]
- [RomhackPlaza page][romhackplaza]
- [Box art][boxart]

pret:
- The [pokered disassembly][pokered] which this romhack is based on
- The [pokered wiki][wiki] which has many helpful tutorials
- The [pret Discord server][pretdiscord]

Other relevant work:
- [Shin Pokémon romhack][shinpokered] (credit to this romhack for the Field Move slot implementation)
- [pokeworld][pokeworld] (a very helpful tool for visualizing the Kanto overworld)
- [Polished Map][polishedmap] map/tileset editor


Forks and patches:
- [French translation of Solus][poke-solus-fr] by [persuaded9041][persuaded9041]

Media:
- [Blog post][blogpost]
- [Trailer][trailer]
- [Video essay][videoessay]
- [Follow-up video essay][videoessay2]

## Credits
Thank you to [pret][pret], the entire [pret Discord server][pretdiscord], and these individuals who were very helpful throughout my work on this project:
- [jojobear13][jojobear13], for the Field Move slot implementation
- [Vortiene][Vortyne], for assistance with assembly and `pokered`
- [unlink2][unlink2], for assistance with Makefile functionality
- [Quadrixis][quadrixis], for collaboration on theorycrafting and general support
- [persuaded9041][persuaded9041], for French translation ([here][poke-solus-fr])

## Support the Solus RGB Developer
If you want to show your support, you could give this repository a :star: or simply share it with someone who might be interested.

Or if you would like to make a small donation, my Ko-fi page is [here][kofi].

Any form of support is greatly appreciated!



[pokered]: https://github.com/pret/pokered
[pret]: https://github.com/pret
[wiki]: https://github.com/pret/pokered/wiki
[pretdiscord]: https://discord.gg/d5dubZ3
[shinpokered]: https://github.com/jojobear13/shinpokered
[designdoc]: docs/DESIGN.md
[featurelog]: docs/FEATURES.md
[versiondifferences]: docs/FEATURES.md#version-differences
[installation]: docs/INSTALL.md
[howtomod]: docs/HOW-TO-MOD.md
[changelog]: docs/CHANGELOG.md
[planned]: docs/PLANNED.md
[releases]: https://github.com/Dechrissen/poke-solus-rgb/releases
[pokeworld]: https://www.extratricky.com/pokeworld/rb/1
[polishedmap]: https://github.com/Rangi42/polished-map
[blogpost]: https://derekandersen.net/blog/pokemon-solus-rgb
[kofi]: https://ko-fi.com/dechrissen
[romhackplaza]: https://romhackplaza.org/romhacks/pokemon-solus-rgb-game-boy/
[videoessay]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANRiLuondLE
[videoessay2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYas1BfmQ6s
[trailer]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMto-WaTL4s
[testimonials]: docs/TESTIMONIALS.md
[soluswiki]: https://github.com/Dechrissen/poke-solus-rgb/wiki
[poke-solus-fr]: https://github.com/persuaded9041/poke-solus-fr
[boxart]: boxart/

[jojobear13]: https://github.com/jojobear13
[Vortyne]: https://github.com/Vortyne
[unlink2]: https://krickl.dev/
[quadrixis]: https://github.com/Quadrixis
[persuaded9041]: https://github.com/persuaded9041

Commit message:

add credit for base 'clean' box art files

README.md, after:

# Pokémon Solus RGB

<p align="center">
<img src="screenshots/solus-red-gbc-title.png">
<img src="screenshots/solus-green-gbc-title.png">
<img src="screenshots/solus-blue-gbc-title.png">
</p>

Pokémon Solus RGB is a near-vanilla "faithful" romhack of Pokémon Red/Blue for Game Boy, with a focus on an enhanced **solo gameplay experience**. It is based on the [disassembly of Pokémon Red and Blue][pokered].

For a detailed look at all the changes in this romhack, read the [Feature Log][featurelog]. For a video overview, watch the [trailer][trailer].

Just want the patch? Go [here][releases].

## Table of Contents
- [Elevator pitch](#elevator-pitch)
- [Versions](#versions)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Links](#links)
- [Credits](#credits)

## Elevator pitch

**Pokémon Solus RGB** is a near-vanilla romhack of Gen 1. It changes _only a few things_ from the original games, without overhauling so much that it ceases to be Gen 1, and the whole thing becomes a [Ship of Theseus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ship_of_Theseus) paradox.

Quick overview of changes:
1. All 151 Pokémon are obtainable through normal means
2. Some new gameplay features have been added
    - HMs can be taught to party Pokémon without using up one of their move slots
    - Four new TMs have been added to support forward-patched learnsets
    - Trades can be performed in-game via the Trader NPC
    - Battle HUD additions: EXP bar and 'already caught' indicator
    - Professor Oak can be battled after beating the Pokémon League
3. Pokémon learnsets have been partially forward-patched via Yellow Version and Gen 2 tradeback learnsets
4. Some visual content is changed (sprites)
5. Some bugs/oversights from vanilla are fixed
    - Ghost-type is now Euper Effective against Psychic-type
    - Focus Energy no longer quarters critical hit chance
    - A couple other things

For a detailed look at all the changes, check out the [Feature Log][featurelog].

## Versions

There are three versions of this romhack: _Solus Red_, _Solus Green_, and _Solus Blue_. The differences between versions are solely cosmetic (palettes, title screen text, etc.), as this project consolidates any of the meaningful version-specific differences that existed across versions, such as Pokémon availability. For a complete list of version differences, check [here][versiondifferences].

[Building from source](#building-all-three-roms-from-source) will yield three ROMs:

- Solus Red (`pokesolusred.gbc`)
- Solus Green (`pokesolusgreen.gbc`)
- Solus Blue (`pokesolusblue.gbc`)

_Note_: Solus Green, if played on Game Boy Color, uses the GBC's built-in mostly-green palette. This is the same one which was used by the Japanese release of Pokémon Green Version.

## Installation

### Patching a vanilla ROM

To patch a vanilla Pokémon Red/Blue Version ROM, download a `.bps` patch file from the [releases page][releases], and then apply it to your ROM using [this online patcher](https://www.marcrobledo.com/RomPatcher.js/) or your patcher of choice.
- For Solus Red / Solus Green, patch a vanilla Red Version ROM
- For Solus Blue, patch a vanilla Blue Version ROM

### Building all three ROMs from source

If you're new to the [`pokered`][pokered] disassembly, learn how to install prerequisites and build the ROMs in the [install guide][installation].

Otherwise, if your environment for building the vanilla ROMs is already set up, the procedure here is the same. Just clone this repository, `cd` into it, and run `make`.

#### Modifying this romhack
If you want to make some tweaks to this romhack before building the ROMs, or if you want to use this romhack as a starting point for your own, read [this document][howtomod] that I've written.

## Screenshots

![battlehud](./screenshots/battle_hud.png)
![traderhouse](./screenshots/trader_house.png)
![trader](./screenshots/trader.png)
![trader2](./screenshots/trader_2.png)
![trader3](./screenshots/trader_3.png)
![fossilroomladder](./screenshots/fossil_room_ladder.png)
![fossilroom](./screenshots/fossil_room.png)
![tmclerk](./screenshots/tm_clerk.png)
![tmclerkpunches](./screenshots/tm_clerk_punches.png)
![tmclerk3](./screenshots/tm_clerk_3.png)
![tm51](./screenshots/tm_flamethrower.png)
![tm52](./screenshots/tm_fire_punch.png)
![tm53](./screenshots/tm_ice_punch.png)
![tm54](./screenshots/tm_thunderpunch.png)
![mewroom](./screenshots/mew_room.png)
![mew](./screenshots/mew.png)
![mew2](./screenshots/mew_2.png)
![mew3](./screenshots/mew_3.png)
![fieldmove](./screenshots/field_move.png)
![fieldmove2](./screenshots/field_move_2.png)
![porygonsalesman](./screenshots/porygon_salesman.png)
![porygonsalesman2](./screenshots/porygon_salesman_2.png)
![porygonsalesman3](./screenshots/porygon_salesman_3.png)
![porygonsalesman6](./screenshots/porygon_salesman_6.png)
![billsfather](./screenshots/bills_father.png)
![billsfather2](./screenshots/bills_father_2.png)
![billsfather3](./screenshots/bills_father_3.png)
![oakbattle](./screenshots/oak_battle.png)

## Links

Solus:
- [Wiki][soluswiki]
- Comprehensive [Feature Log][featurelog] detailing all the romhack's changes
- [Changelog][changelog] (an overview of the changes introduced in each release)
- [Planned features][planned]
- My original (crude) [design document][designdoc]
- [Testimonials][testimonials]
- [RomhackPlaza page][romhackplaza]
- [Box art][boxart] (credit to [JadeLune][jadelune] for the base "clean" box art files)

pret:
- The [pokered disassembly][pokered] which this romhack is based on
- The [pokered wiki][wiki] which has many helpful tutorials
- The [pret Discord server][pretdiscord]

Other relevant work:
- [Shin Pokémon romhack][shinpokered] (credit to this romhack for the Field Move slot implementation)
- [pokeworld][pokeworld] (a very helpful tool for visualizing the Kanto overworld)
- [Polished Map][polishedmap] map/tileset editor


Forks and patches:
- [French translation of Solus][poke-solus-fr] by [persuaded9041][persuaded9041]

Media:
- [Blog post][blogpost]
- [Trailer][trailer]
- [Video essay][videoessay]
- [Follow-up video essay][videoessay2]

## Credits
Thank you to [pret][pret], the entire [pret Discord server][pretdiscord], and these individuals who were very helpful throughout my work on this project:
- [jojobear13][jojobear13], for the Field Move slot implementation
- [Vortiene][Vortyne], for assistance with assembly and `pokered`
- [unlink2][unlink2], for assistance with Makefile functionality
- [Quadrixis][quadrixis], for collaboration on theorycrafting and general support
- [persuaded9041][persuaded9041], for French translation ([here][poke-solus-fr])

## Support the Solus RGB Developer
If you want to show your support, you could give this repository a :star: or simply share it with someone who might be interested.

Or if you would like to make a small donation, my Ko-fi page is [here][kofi].

Any form of support is greatly appreciated!



[pokered]: https://github.com/pret/pokered
[pret]: https://github.com/pret
[wiki]: https://github.com/pret/pokered/wiki
[pretdiscord]: https://discord.gg/d5dubZ3
[shinpokered]: https://github.com/jojobear13/shinpokered
[designdoc]: docs/DESIGN.md
[featurelog]: docs/FEATURES.md
[versiondifferences]: docs/FEATURES.md#version-differences
[installation]: docs/INSTALL.md
[howtomod]: docs/HOW-TO-MOD.md
[changelog]: docs/CHANGELOG.md
[planned]: docs/PLANNED.md
[releases]: https://github.com/Dechrissen/poke-solus-rgb/releases
[pokeworld]: https://www.extratricky.com/pokeworld/rb/1
[polishedmap]: https://github.com/Rangi42/polished-map
[blogpost]: https://derekandersen.net/blog/pokemon-solus-rgb
[kofi]: https://ko-fi.com/dechrissen
[romhackplaza]: https://romhackplaza.org/romhacks/pokemon-solus-rgb-game-boy/
[videoessay]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ANRiLuondLE
[videoessay2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYas1BfmQ6s
[trailer]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMto-WaTL4s
[testimonials]: docs/TESTIMONIALS.md
[soluswiki]: https://github.com/Dechrissen/poke-solus-rgb/wiki
[poke-solus-fr]: https://github.com/persuaded9041/poke-solus-fr
[boxart]: boxart/

[jojobear13]: https://github.com/jojobear13
[Vortyne]: https://github.com/Vortyne
[unlink2]: https://krickl.dev/
[quadrixis]: https://github.com/Quadrixis
[persuaded9041]: https://github.com/persuaded9041
[jadelune]: https://www.deviantart.com/jadelune
